===== Computing Courses Reference =====

BSc (Honours) Information Technology with Business Studies
	Train to become a technically literate manager with 
        the skills and knowledge to manage the technological 
	solutions that are at the heart of modern business.
BSc (Honours) Computing
	Studying BSc Computing will give you the skills which are 
	needed to design, build, manage and operate the IT systems that generate, 
	store, process and display all this data.

BSc (Honours) Business and ICT
	Learn to become a confident manager on a course with outstanding 
	student satisfaction, a vibrant student community and supportive 
	environment. 

BSc (Honours) Computer Science
	Understand the fundamental principles which underpin software 
	development and gain in-depth knowledge of both the theoretical 
	advances and practical techniques required of modern programmers.

BEng (Honours) Software Engineering
	Learn the theory and practical skills required to become a software 
	engineer equipped to work across industry, commerce, business, the 
	professions and public service.

BSc (Honours) Games Software Development
	Learn the skills required to pursue a career as a software 
	developer in the competitive games industry on this respected course.




MComp Games Software Development
	Learn the skills required to pursue a career as a software developer in the competitive games industry on this respected course. 

MSc Big Data Analytics
	Develop the skills to become a talented data scientist able to complete technical roles, such as data mining specialist, predictive modeller, computational linguist and statistical analyst on this course. 

BSc (Honours) Data Science
	On this course you gain the cutting-edge skills used to store, manage, manipulate and analyse the resulting 'big data'. 

MSc IT Management
	Update and develop your understanding of how to design, develop and manage IT systems, processes and technologies on this masters course. 

BSc (Honours) IT with Business Technologies (top up)
	Top up your HND or foundation degree to a BSc (Honours) qualification on this one year course with a very hands-on approach.

MEng Software Engineering
	Learn the theory and practical skills required to become a software engineer, equipped to work as a software professional across industry, commerce, business, the professions and public service.


